Update unit 2 instructor doc with link to topic sign-up sheet template (#7)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-lightning-talks: unit-2-lightning-talks/unit-2-talk.instructor.md

# Instructor: Unit 2 Talk

> Topics are listed in the order they should be presented. Topics beginning with **Describe how to use views/templates in Flask** must be presented after Flask is introduced.

Reviewer: I misread this a couple times, it might help to reword the second sentence a little.

```suggestion
Topics are listed in the order they should be presented. The topics from **Describe how to use views/templates in Flask** and onward must be presented after Flask is introduced.
```

Here is a [google sheet with the topics and a template for student sign-up](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tj064fnubhsAyaTRnMN_0vzRxQliA92TageXfS1nabA/edit?usp=sharing)

This google sheet should not be edited directly. Make a copy of the spreadsheet, and rename the tabs with homeroom class names.

For classes with 30 or fewer students, these topics are combined: 
* Define Database Trigger

> * Define Database Transation

Reviewer: Small typo:
```suggestion
* Define Database Transaction
```

> For classes with 29 or fewer students, these additional topics are combines:

Reviewer: Small typo:
```suggestion
For classes with 29 or fewer students, these additional topics are combined:
```
